The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs

In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein

The unexamined life is not worth living. — Socrates

I think, therefore I am. — René Descartes

The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. — Socrates

That which does not kill us makes us stronger. — Friedrich Nietzsche

Be the change that you wish to see in the world. — Mahatma Gandhi

Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. — Albert Einstein

In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. — Robert Frost

The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Nelson Mandela

The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt

It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. — Aristotle

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney

Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. — John Lennon

The purpose of our lives is to be happy. — Dalai Lama

Get busy living or get busy dying. — Stephen King

You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. — Brian Tracy

Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. — John D. Rockefeller

I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. — Thomas Jefferson

If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. — Oprah Winfrey

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. — Chinese Proverb

The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. — Tony Robbins

Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. — William James

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. — Winston Churchill

Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. — Babe Ruth

The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. — Winston Churchill

You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky

It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius

Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair

Believe you can and you're halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
