When I was young, I thought success was about money and fame. As I've gotten older, I've realized it's about making a difference in people's lives. — Bill Gates

The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Nelson Mandela

Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. — Steve Jobs

The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. — Franklin D. Roosevelt

It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela

Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. — Nelson Mandela

The best way to predict the future is to create it. — Peter Drucker

Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. — Steve Jobs

Stay hungry, stay foolish. — Steve Jobs

The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. — Albert Einstein

Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. — Albert Einstein

The only source of knowledge is experience. — Albert Einstein

Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. — Albert Einstein

Three things in human life are important: the first is to be kind; the second is to be kind; and the third is to be kind. — Henry James

Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. — Mark Twain

The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. — Ralph Waldo Emerson

Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. — Albert Schweitzer

The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs

If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. — Booker T. Washington

We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. — Winston Churchill

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. — Chinese Proverb

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. — Lao Tzu

The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. — Confucius

What we think, we become. — Buddha

The mind is everything. What you think you become. — Buddha

Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. — Buddha

The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. — Buddha

Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. — Dalai Lama

Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. — Dalai Lama

My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. — Dalai Lama
